*vim* (/vɪm/ a contraction of Vi IMproved) is a clone, with additions, 
of Bill Joy's vi text editor program for Unix. Vim's author, Bram Moolenaar, 
based it on the source code for a port of the Stevie editor to the Amiga and
released a version to the public in 1991. Vim is designed for use both from 
a command-line interface and as a standalone application in a graphical user
interface. 

*neovim* is a fork – with additions – of Vim that strives to improve the
extensibility and maintainability of Vim. Neovim shares the same
configuration syntax with Vim; as a result, the same configuration file can be
used with both editors, although there are minor differences between the exact
options used between the two. If the added features of Neovim are not used,
Neovim is compatible with almost all of Vim's features.

The Neovim project was started in 2014, with some Vim community members
offering early support of the high-level refactoring effort to provide better
scripting, plugins, and integration with modern GUIs. The project is
free software and its source code is available on GitHub.

Neovim had a successful fundraiser on 23 March 2014, supporting at least
one full-time developer. Several frontends are under development, making use of
Neovim's capabilities.

The Neovim editor is available in Ubuntu's PPAs, and several other package
managers, making it possible to install on a variety of operating systems.

* [[vim]] Articles
 * [[Wrap_Existing_Text]] at 80 Characters
 * [[VimWiki]] - a personal wiki for Vim
