[[VimWiki]] is a personal wiki for [[vim]] -- a number of linked text files that have
their own syntax highlighting. See the VimWiki Wiki for an example website
built with VimWiki!

For the latest features and fixes checkout the dev branch. If you are
interested in contributing see this section.

= With VimWiki, you can: =

* Organize notes and ideas 
* Manage to-do lists 
* Write documentation 
* Maintain a diary 
* Export everything to HTML 

To do a quick start, press <[[Leader]]>ww (default is \ww) to go to your index 
wiki file. By default, it is located in ~/vimwiki/index.wiki. 

See :h vimwiki_list for registering a different path/wiki.

Exmp. from init.vim

`let g:vimwiki_list = [{'path': '~/repos/wiki'}]` 

= Basic Markup =

= Header1 =
== Header2 ==
=== Header3 ===


*bold* -- bold text
_italic_ -- italic text

[[wiki link]] -- wiki link
[[wiki link|description]] -- wiki link with description

= Key bindings =

== Normal mode ==

Note: your terminal may prevent capturing some of the default
bindings listed below. See :h vimwiki-local-mappings for suggestions for
alternative bindings if you encounter a problem.

=== Basic key bindings ===

<Leader>ww -- Open default wiki index file.
<Leader>wt -- Open default wiki index file in a new tab.
<Leader>ws -- Select and open wiki index file.
<Leader>wd -- Delete wiki file you are in.
<Leader>wr -- Rename wiki file you are in.
<Enter> -- Follow/Create wiki link.
<Shift-Enter> -- Split and follow/create wiki link.
<Ctrl-Enter> -- Vertical split and follow/create wiki link.
<Backspace> -- Go back to parent(previous) wiki link.
<Tab> -- Find next wiki link.
<Shift-Tab> -- Find previous wiki link.

=== Commands ===

:Vimwiki2HTML -- Convert current wiki link to HTML.
:VimwikiAll2HTML -- Convert all your wiki links to HTML.
:help vimwiki-commands -- List all commands.
:help vimwiki -- General vimwiki help docs.
